Add TAC meeting artifacts for 2024-05-30 (#245)
confidential-computing/governance: TAC/Meetings/2024/2024-05-30/CCC-TAC-Minutes-2024-05-30.md

* Catherine asked about the scope of the personas and MN clarified.
* MN shared a [document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jzoEWmPCeAWV_g6kcJ3pzX9_UdljraM_2qVnwW8sT_s/edit#heading=h.wir5oj6loeqt) on Confidential Payload Governance and continued to explain the work described in the document. The document is well commented and the GRC SIG hopes to finalize the document in the next GRC meeting. Discussion ensued. Henk Birkholtz (HB) shared the diagram on the [ccc/governance repo](https://github.com/confidential-computing/governance/blob/main/terminology/Full-Table.jpg)  and ask questions around the intersection of the document and the diagram, which was discussed.
* Aditya Gurajada (AG) asked which regulatory organizations are targeted by the document. MN continued to explain the legislative landscape that impacts CCC and how the SIG manages that. 
* DM thanked MN for the presentation and invited everyone to participate in the work of the GRC SIG.

### Open Issue review
DM reviewed open issue in the ccc/governance repo

> ### TAC Tech 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### TAC Tech Talk
```

> * Chad Kimes and Marcella Melara introduced themselves and continued to present their work on SLASA & CI/CD Builds.Discussion ensued and questions were taken by the presenters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Chad Kimes and Marcela Melara introduced themselves and continued to present their work on SLSA, in-toto, & CI/CD for secure, attestable builds. Discussion ensued and questions were taken by the presenters.
```
